feat: cleaning up logs docs (#1022)
SigNoz/signoz.io: docs/tutorial/opentelemetry-binary-usage.md

---
id: opentelemetry-binary-usage-in-virtual-machine
title: OpenTelemetry Binary Usage in Virtual Machine

> description: Using OpenTelemetry binary usage and monitoring the virtual machine (VM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Using OpenTelemetry binary as an agent collector to monitor the virtual machine (VM) and applications running on it.
```
